Some points to remember clients adjust their time from what they hear from an A.P. server A.P. service
supply time to clients.
They don't adjust their time to the clients the clients adjust their time to the service and need to
be client server device such as Rhondda to in our example got time from an ATP service with synchronizing
two routers three and then provided time to Rato one a.p needs what is called a trusted clock source.
Ideally you would get this from a lower stratum device such as a domain controller in your network on
the server on the Internet in the lab.
We didn't have a a.p server that we were connecting to.
So I configured router 3 as an entity monster so that it trusted its own internal clock as the clock
source.
Once again in the real world thats not ideal.
You should get your time from a better time source a strong arm level or stratum some of you may pronounce
it defines the quality of the time source the lower the number the better the time source a straw is
a device that has an atomic clock would guess clock radio clock.
In other words it's a very good reference for time a.p is quite simple to configure once again to set
up a server or stratum device you would use the C'mon A.P.M. to specify a loopback interface which is
much better than using a physical interface because look backs don't go down use the A.P. source loopback
is zero command to specify a server.
Use the command NDB server and specify the server.
So the server command makes a product to a client the master command means that router 3 is the trusted
source of time.
Right.
Two however is also a server providing time to run one because Rotto one is pointing to rodded to Fort's
time.
So we didn't configure Rodek to as a server.
It was simply configured as a client
but it started providing time to write a one when Rodda one queried at.
It can also use its own clock as a backup if it loses connection to rodded 3.